Sister Wei
Are you all right?
Sister Wei can't do it, I'm so uncomfortable
I'm sorry they feel bad.
Here. Give me your hand
Patient symptoms uterine cold
Cure method Acupuncture to repel cold
Palace cold for several years
I don't know, I feel like I've always had this problem
It just hurts.
No, you can't stand this thing with a flat head
Hey, do you feel better?
A little better
It really doesn't seem to hurt me anymore.
Come on, Sister Mei, take a deep breath
Are you pretty good?
You press
My old problem got much better all of a sudden
The belly can't get cold
Are you really thin?
I called you and you came
If there is anything wrong with the clinic, what should you do if you are in pain?
It doesn't matter.
I also enjoyed this for the first time
The feeling of being pressed on the stomach by a man
Okay, sister?
I will push you in the future.
Once a day?
So you have to come and press me every day
What if you kick me out?
Hahaha, don't worry, you are so good to me.
How can I bear to bombard you?